## Meeting Date: 2025-09-15
**Type of Meeting:** Lab  
**Meeting Length:** 2:00-4:00 (2 hrs)  
**Attendees:** Everyone  

### Action Items
- Finish style guide and team contract.

### Key Discussion Points
- Style guide
- Team contract
- Project introduction
- Team responsibilities

### Meeting Notes
We came up with a team name based on our collective favourite colour. We were able to complete the style guide pretty quickly. Everyone agreed on the style rules. After submitting the style guide, we worked on creating a unified team contract. We spoke about our expectations and perspectives, which were already generally aligned, and created the document. Will worked on formatting the document after the lab and later submitted it.

### Notes for the Project
- Choose one of the datasets
- Needs to have multiple types of users
- Focus is on backend: make it functional, not pretty
- Project must implement business logic: think about things from a business perspective

### Responsibilities
Start thinking about how we will implement the project.

---

## Meeting Date: 2025-09-22
**Type of Meeting:** Lab  
**Meeting Length:** 2:00-4:00 (2 hrs)  
**Attendees:** Everyone  

### Action Items
- Lab activities
- Arranged a meeting for Sunday, September 28, at noon to establish project scope, requirements, and begin work on M1.

### Key Discussion Points
- Docker installation and environment setup
- Scheduling follow-up meeting
- Initial project scoping
- Ensuring repo access and collaboration tools

### Meeting Notes
We met during lab and participated in lab activities (Docker installation). A meeting was arranged, and all were in agreement.

### Responsibilities
Attend next meeting.

---

## Meeting Date: 2025-09-28
**Type of Meeting:** Virtual (Discord)  
**Meeting Length:** 12:00-13:10 (1 Hour 10 minutes)  
**Attendees:** Everyone  

### Action Items
- Establish project outline and requirements
- Divvy work for Milestone 1 (M1) submission

### Key Discussion Points
- Mapping chosen dataset to project requirements
- Defining M1 deliverables
- Assigning M1 tasks
- Verifying GitHub repository and project board access
- Planning review meeting

### Meeting Notes
We met and began talking about our project, how it relates to the chosen dataset. We went through the project requirements and made sure our project could fit them. We then began working on M1, filling out portions of the assignment with group input. We ensured all members had access to the GitHub repository and project board. Work for M1 that was not completed during the meeting was divided and assigned to each group member. We agreed to meet again on Tuesday, September 30, at 1:00 pm. The purpose of the meeting is to review, format, and confirm the submission before handing it in.

### Responsibilities
Each member must complete their assigned work for M1 before the next meeting.

---

## Meeting Date: 2025-09-28
**Type of Meeting:** Virtual (Discord)  
**Meeting Length:** 11:00-13:10 (2hrs 10 mins)  
**Attendees:** Everyone  

### Action Items and Responsibilities
- Ensure requirements are being met for M1 submission
- See what work still needs to be done
- Confirm submission formatting and GitHub backlog issues

### Key Discussion Points
- Reviewing M1 requirements and completeness
- Standardizing issue and user story formatting
- Creating checklist for submission readiness
- Coordinating outstanding tasks and deadlines

### Meeting Notes
We originally agreed to meet at 1, but decided to meet earlier. We began by reviewing the document and ensuring it met the submission requirements. We looked at project requirements and ensured we included all the required functionality. We looked at our GitHub issues and ensured formatting was consistent throughout each user story. We then made a checklist of what had to be done for our M1 document to be submission-ready.

### Responsibilities
- Submit the project by Friday, October 3rd.
- Begin thinking about project design.
- Meet in person next lab, Monday, October 6th.

---

## Meeting Date: 2025-10-06
**Type of Meeting:** Lab  
**Meeting Length:** 2:00-4:00 (2 hrs)  
**Attendees:** Everyone  

### Action Items
- Review the group’s UML diagrams created for the pre-lab submission
- Discuss the next steps for the M2 submission

### Key Discussion Points
- Reviewing required UML diagrams
- Consolidating individual diagrams into a unified set
- Identifying diagram gaps for M2
- Planning next steps and meeting schedule

### Meeting Notes
We met during the lab and participated in lab activities. We reviewed the 3 diagrams required for the pre-lab and discussed what we thought was appropriate for each. We then began combining our diagrams into a unified set. A meeting was arranged for Thursday, October 9th, 7:00 pm to continue working on the M2 submission, and all were in agreement.

### Responsibilities
Think and start working on about M2 diagrams. Study course content for midterm.

---

## Meeting Date: 2025-10-06
**Type of Meeting:** Virtual (Discord)  
**Meeting Length:** 7:00  
**Attendees:** Everyone  

### Action Items
- Assign responsibilities for M2 submission.

### Key Discussion Points
- Assigning M2 diagram responsibilities
- Making architecture decisions
- Defining ownership for diagram sections
- Scheduling in-person work session (Oct 17)

### Meeting Notes
We met and discussed the responsibilities for the M2 submission. We made some decisions for our overall project architecture and assigned responsibilities to complete diagrams before our next meeting. We agreed on portions that we would leave to complete in the meeting. The meeting was arranged for Friday, October 17th, at 2:00 pm, in person, in EME 1166.

### Responsibilities
---

## Meeting Date: 2025-10-06
**Type of Meeting:** Co-Working  
**Meeting Length:** 2:00-3:30  
**Attendees:** Everyone  

### Action Items
- Finish up work for M2 submission
- Review the code produced over the past week
- Assign coding tasks for the next week and ensure responsibilities are known

### Key Discussion Points
- Code review of recent commits
- Validating architecture diagrams against requirements
- Establishing sub-issue workflow for user stories
- Assigning coding tasks and responsibilities
- Planning next meeting

### Meeting Notes
We went over our architecture diagrams that were created individually over the last week and ensured they made sense regarding the requirements of the diagrams, and in context to the project. We reviewed the code produced by Brad last week and made sure it made sense to everyone. He went over lessons learned while coding. We agreed to make sub-issues for our user stories as we work on our tasks, which are to be closed through pull requests.

We agreed to meet again in the lab on Monday, if time is available, or afterwards if not.

### Responsibilities
- Brad – Start user validation 
- Duncan – Managing reviews
- Kelvin – Finish M2 4.1, 4.2. 
- Will – Finish remaining M2 sections (2.1, 2.2, 5), submit M2 document.
